Ouch, what's going on?
Xiaowan is alright, what's wrong?
Xiaowan Xiaowan
Wan, you scared me to death! Are you okay?
Yeah, how could this be okay?
Is there anything to stand up
I just want to know who cut the fool with autumn water
Hey, little girl, why do you wish it was me?
This rope was sent by your dad
I'm just a jerk
How can I have the strength to cut the rope?
Of course not me.
Are you still pretending?
Xiaohuan, you can't do this
You didn't see what your mother was crying like just now
You can't be so disrespectful.
Let go, let go
The vice general contract is ready and waiting for you
Please move to the headquarters office building
After a thousand years of beauty, I finally saw you
In my last life, it was because I signed this contract
Attached is dragged into the cloud tower
In the end, you also died with the river
You wait for me on this.
I'll settle the bill for you later
Wait! What are you doing?
What are you doing? Of course it's a rabbit. Someone lied to you, right?
Don't press elevator maintenance
Ah!
The cultivation base is too weak
I only used my qi twice
It drained me of my true energy
I have to mention this cultivation base immediately, full body repair.
Whole body cultivation
Mr. Han ordered not to enter
Besides, are you a mad dog?
It's faster than me getting up in the elevator
Didn't you say elevator maintenance?
i
You can't come in anyway
Congratulations to the two giants for signing the contract
Can't grab